[MRI Violations] Fixed bug in filter of the MRI violations module. (#6362)
aces/Loris: modules/mri_violations/test/TestPlan.md

6. Ensure all filters and sorting work in the `Resolved` tab.
7. Click on the question mark on the right upper side of the windows and ensure
   that the help content about MRI Violation is showing up and is up-to-date.

> 8. Ensure user has access to this page iff he/she has either permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Ensure user has access to this page if and only if he/she has either permission
```

People don't know words.

   `mri_violations_view_allsite` or `mri_violations_view_ownsite`.

> 9. Check that if the user has permission `mri_violations_view_ownsite`, he/she

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Check that if the user only has the permission `mri_violations_view_ownsite`, he/she
```

They might have both, "all" should have priority.
